Changed CL to PR and adjusted related terminology (#1)
finderly/eng-practices: README.md

There is some Google-internal terminology used in some of these documents, which
we clarify here for external readers:

*   **PR**: Stands for "pull request", which means one self-contained change that
    has been submitted to version control or which is undergoing code review.

>     Other organizations often call this a "change", "patch", or "pull-request".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Other organizations often call this a "change", "patch", or "changelist".
```
